kai cigarette can be used as
improvised weapons and we
solid crystalline solid is obtained
we get for.
so many prisoners in
prisons
or kill the guards or escorts
throat feel that this happens what
it is it already is
improvised weapon newspaper magazine
piece of paper
the whole hard rod at the moment
rigid construction but i'm looking for this
I reinforce the design again in
hands or somewhere with some
available tools in this case
coins and leaving them between your fingers and
I get this construction
turned out brass knuckles
with hand no fingerprints no and
by this improvised brass knuckles we
hit the zones and points
active lesion we can beat so we
can so beat further we threw away
the newspaper of the coin we went
attack
he
gone attack
this section
throwing knives throwing knives
throwing sharpening when we are away
balanced object identified center
masses and throw
or throw back grip at a distance
5 6 steps and this item makes
half a turn stuck or China with
near distance from near distance
it is 3-4 steps accordingly we
use that sharp object or dumb
thing
if the object is a blunt heavy object
we hit with it like stupid
subject at a distance if the subject
acute then this item is stuck and
is a cold weapon
the next distance is the distance
4 4 steps is the shelf distance
umbrella canes on my case it is a cable then
bent thing i can like to hook
somewhere to him to drag on
to strike any blows on the zones and.
defeats
is it the same hammer or cat or
yet some other object using
which I use the leverage system
affected zones and points of active
defeats and
hit my opponent